README.md, before:

# ![logo](https://community.trinitycore.org/public/style_images/1_trinitycore.png) TrinityCore

## Build Status


4.3.4 (master)
:------------:
[![CircleCI Status](https://circleci.com/gh/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore.svg?style=shield&branch=master)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore?branch=master)
[![AppVeyor Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ovahlord/trinitycore)

## Introduction

TrinityCore is a *MMORPG* Framework based mostly in C++.

It is derived from *MaNGOS*, the *Massive Network Game Object Server*, and is
based on the code of that project with extensive changes over time to optimize,
improve and cleanup the codebase at the same time as improving the in-game
mechanics and functionality.

It is completely open source; community involvement is highly encouraged.

If you wish to contribute ideas or code please visit our site linked below or
make pull requests to our [Github repository](https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore).

For further information on the TrinityCore project, please visit our project
website at [TrinityCore.org](https://www.trinitycore.org).

## Install

Detailed installation guides are available in the [wiki](https://www.trinitycore.info/display/tc/Installation+Guide) for
Windows, Linux and Mac OSX.  
You can get database from  
https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore/releases


## Reporting issues

Issues can be reported via the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore/issues).

Please take the time to review existing issues before submitting your own to
prevent duplicates.

In addition, thoroughly read through the [issue tracker guide](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/topic/37-the-trinitycore-issuetracker-and-you/) to ensure
your report contains the required information. Incorrect or poorly formed
reports are wasteful and are subject to deletion.


## Submitting fixes

Fixes are submitted as pull requests via Github. For more information on how to
properly submit a pull request, read the [how-to: maintain a remote fork](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/topic/6037-howto-maintain-a-remote-fork-for-pull-requests-tortoisegit/).
NOTE: if a fix is valid also for 3.3.5a/master branches submit them also to [Github](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore)


## Copyright

License: GPL 2.0

Read file [COPYING](COPYING)


## Authors &amp; Contributors

Read file [AUTHORS](AUTHORS)


## Links

[Site](https://www.trinitycore.org)

[Wiki](https://trinitycore.info)

[Documentation](https://www.trinitycore.net) (powered by Doxygen)

[Forums](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/)

[Discord](https://discord.gg/NevNbcagJX)

Commit message:

Removed forceID part.  Added settings of minimal players and minimal modifiers of damage/hp.
 Changes to be committed:
	modified:   README.md
	modified:   src/server/scripts/Custom/AutoBalance.cpp
	modified:   src/server/worldserver/worldserver.conf.dist

README.md, after:

# ![logo](https://community.trinitycore.org/public/style_images/1_trinitycore.png) TrinityCore

## Build Status


4.3.4 (master)
:------------:
[![CircleCI Status](https://circleci.com/gh/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore.svg?style=shield&branch=master)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore?branch=master)
[![AppVeyor Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Ovahlord/trinitycore)

## Introduction

TrinityCore is a *MMORPG* Framework based mostly in C++.

It is derived from *MaNGOS*, the *Massive Network Game Object Server*, and is
based on the code of that project with extensive changes over time to optimize,
improve and cleanup the codebase at the same time as improving the in-game
mechanics and functionality.

It is completely open source; community involvement is highly encouraged.

If you wish to contribute ideas or code please visit our site linked below or
make pull requests to our [Github repository](https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore).

For further information on the TrinityCore project, please visit our project
website at [TrinityCore.org](https://www.trinitycore.org).

The Cataclysm Preservation Project with autobalance module implemented.

Instance mobs and bosses' health, mana, and damage is scaled based on number of players.

The configuration file is merged into worldserver.conf.

https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore
https://github.com/azerothcore/mod-autobalance
https://github.com/aleigood/TrinityCore-Autobalance

## Install

Detailed installation guides are available in the [wiki](https://www.trinitycore.info/display/tc/Installation+Guide) for
Windows, Linux and Mac OSX.  
You can get database from  
https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore/releases


## Reporting issues

Issues can be reported via the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/The-Cataclysm-Preservation-Project/TrinityCore/issues).

Please take the time to review existing issues before submitting your own to
prevent duplicates.

In addition, thoroughly read through the [issue tracker guide](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/topic/37-the-trinitycore-issuetracker-and-you/) to ensure
your report contains the required information. Incorrect or poorly formed
reports are wasteful and are subject to deletion.


## Submitting fixes

Fixes are submitted as pull requests via Github. For more information on how to
properly submit a pull request, read the [how-to: maintain a remote fork](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/topic/6037-howto-maintain-a-remote-fork-for-pull-requests-tortoisegit/).
NOTE: if a fix is valid also for 3.3.5a/master branches submit them also to [Github](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore)


## Copyright

License: GPL 2.0

Read file [COPYING](COPYING)


## Authors &amp; Contributors

Read file [AUTHORS](AUTHORS)


## Links

[Site](https://www.trinitycore.org)

[Wiki](https://trinitycore.info)

[Documentation](https://www.trinitycore.net) (powered by Doxygen)

[Forums](https://www.trinitycore.org/f/)

[Discord](https://discord.gg/NevNbcagJX)
